Previously on How to Get Away
with Murder...
-Who the hell is this?
-Laurel. Hi.
If the police hadn't caught
my father, I would've run away.
Ms. Atwood
inferred that no one
would negotiate with me.
That is a lie,
Your Honor.
You killed
two innocent women.
Say you'll take the deal!
Say it!
Look.
Candice:
President Hargrove?
What is it?
Barry Lewiston
is on the phone.
Hi, Barry.
I've been stressing about
what to get you
for your birthday
while you're into
some other girl.
You're the good thing
in my life.
Not Laurel.
[ Neck cracks ]
Annalise:
So, he could be anywhere.
I'm gonna stay at your house
till we find him.
Hey, Frank.
She tried to kill me,
Laurel.
We were able to find
your boyfriend
in a town called Coalport.
Did he find Frank?
Yes, but he wouldn't
tell me where he was.
-Talk to me.
-We have another occupant.
There's a pulse.
I repeat, we have a pulse.
Annalise: Who is it?
Tell me!
[ Screaming ]
Mumford: Annalise Keating,
you're under arrest.
You have the right to remain
silent. Anything you say...
[ Camera shutter pops ]
Wipe it clean.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Door buzzes ]
I'm sorry
it took so long.
Do you know what
they're charging me with?
No, not yet.
You have to find out.
I know.
I can't just stay in here
until they
throw the book at me.
Annalise.
They found another body
in the house.
They're alive,
but we don't know who it is.
Pupils are reactive.
I need two large bore I.V.s.
Start fluids at 150.
[ Labored breathing ]
There's a lot of soot
in the mucus membrane.
X-ray's on its way, and I sent
for the blood gas and CBC.
How bad are the burns?
Roughly 9% BSA
in the right arm and leg.
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
O2 stats are dropping.
Probably smoke inhalation.
We need to intubate.
Give me
the fiber-optic device.
♪ I can't do without you ♪
Two more, please.
[ Talking indistinctly ]
♪ I can't do without you ♪
Everything okay?
Yeah, just work.
Liar.
Oh, thank God.
Thank you.
So, what's up
with those fliers?
Did they find the creep
who put them up?
Let's just not talk about
my disaster of a life.
That just leaves us
to talk about my boring life.
I'd kill for a boring life
right now.
You let Nate move in.
That's pretty boring.
[ Chuckles ]
Is it the sex?
It's that good?
We're not doing this.
You're right.
I don't want to know.
You're happy, I'm happy.
I didn't say I was happy.
Stressed out, pissed off,
lonely, sure, but -- oh.
[ Chuckles ]
Let me guess, you just got
promoted to partner at Saatchi,
and you're helping
your friend celebrate?
I got partner
a long time ago,
and my friend here
is actually my girlfriend.
Lesbian Heisman.
That's good. We haven't
seen that one in a while.
It's fine if you're
not interested.
We can handle that.
Oh, no, we're interested
in free drinks.
Good, uh, but just to be clear,
you are or are not gay?
I'm gay. She's...
It's complicated.
Awesome.
We're litigators.
We do complicated
for a living.
♪ I can't do without you ♪
[ Both laugh ]
♪ Can't do without ♪
[ Clears throat ]
[ Keys clatter ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Both laugh ]
Hm. [ Chuckles ]
Tell me you didn't
drive home.
No, officer.
I took a cab.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay,
let's get you to bed.
No, no, no, no, no.
I can do this.
I can do this much.
Okay, okay. Here we go.
All right.
All right, no,
I can't do this.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Both chuckle ]
[ Chuckles ]
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I know.
Okay. All right.
[ Pounding on door ]
[ Pounding continues ]
Frank: I'm coming.
You're late.
I'm here now.
Money?
[ Scoffs ]
Careful where you stow it,
or you'll blow yourself up.
I'm good.
[ Door opens ]
It's Frank.
Leave a message.
[ Voicemail beeps ]
It's me.
I got rid of my old phone for
reasons I'll explain in person.
Just -- this is my new number.
Please call me.
[ Knock on window ]
[ Gasps ]
You coming?
[ Sighs ]
Dude, you okay?
Yeah, yeah.
It's just a gland issue.
I just -- when that, you know,
"All rise" hits, it's go time.
I'm all like "Pow, pow" with
legal hooks, cross-exam jabs,
and you got
nothing to worry about.
It's going to be fine.
Is that sweat?
Like, it's making its
way through his suit jacket?
Ain't jealousy
a bitch?
Please. Annalise only
picked your boyfriend
for this case 'cause
he's hooked up
to one of her teats
like the rest of you.
Wait, we're calling him
your boyfriend now?
God no. It's just sex.
[ Groans ]
Pretty good sex
from all the noise
you two have been making.
Uh, you want to
sleep on the street?
'Cause I'm happy
to have my couch back.
Yeah, well, that
might happen if I keep
hitting the jackpot
at your building.
What does that mean?
The silver fox,
the -- the one from
the fifth floor,
he invited me over
for dinner tonight,
but I'm pretty sure
the only thing I'm gonna
be eating is --
Are you kidding me?
This is a courtroom --
maybe not
the most appropriate place
to be discussing
your sex life.
Are you jealous
because you don't have
a sex life of your own?
If you want, I can
give you some pointers.
Oliver's been giving me all
the pointers I need, thanks.
[ Door opens ]
Where have you been?
Hungover.
What's wrong?
I just wanted to introduce you
to the character witnesses.
Uh, guys,
Professor Keating.
This is Rosette,
Susan, Jeremy.
We're some of
Tristan's teachers.
Thank you so much
for taking this case.
Honestly, you're
our hero right now.
Thank Mr. Millstone.
He's doing
all the heavy lifting.
[ Chuckles ]
Be on your "A" game, because
my brain is steeped in vodka.
Tipstaff: All rise!
Tarpley: As you can see here,
the juvenile is on video
taking out the maximum amount
allowed on the credit card --
$1,000.
This is just one example
of how Tristan Fullerton
used fake credit cards
to steal a total of $41,000
over the last two months --
money he claims
he can't pay back.
So, the state is recommending
the maximum sentencing
of seven years
in juvenile detention.
The floor is yours, young man.
You sure you shouldn't
just do this?
I mean, he just nailed it --
Get up.
Sorry, uh,
Tristan Fullerton was raised
in the streets of Nicetown,
which actually
should've been called Meantown
due to it having
a very high crime rate --
crime that visited
Tristan's own home
in the form of abuse.
He ended up
in foster care as a result,
getting moved from one home
to another to another.
[ Indistinct whispering ]
Getting moved from one home
to another to another.
Oh, God, tell me
when it's over.
Now as a result
of these charges,
he's been moved once again
to his seventh foster home.
Your Honor, I ask
that you censure the prosecution
for this rude display
of whispering!
[ Clears throat ]
My apologies, Judge,
but I just, uh, found out
that the juvenile here
is represented
by an unlicensed lawyer.
Mr. Millstone is one of my law
students I've been supervising.
Oh, I was talking
about you, Ms. Keating.
My office just
received this fax
from the Disciplinary Board
stating that your license
has been placed under
immediate suspension
due to gross misconduct.
Judge Nichols:
Ms. Keating, is this true?
This was a private
courthouse meeting.
My interaction with
my client is privileged.
It's physical assault,
Annalise.
Who sent this?
That doesn't matter.
Was it the D.A.'s office?
I mean, who could
get their hands on this?
You can defend yourself
at the disciplinary hearing
next week.
I run a pro bono
legal clinic.
My clients are immigrants,
poor children.
They need me
to do my job right now.
And a violation
of this manner
demands we immediately
suspend your license.
I'm sorry.
Damn!
You got a mean right.
Oh, stop.
It was the D.A.'s office.
I humiliated
Atwood in court,
and it's their way
of hitting back.
You want me
to dig around?
Hey.
It's gonna be okay.
I know.
It's just the worst day
to be hungover.
Well, maybe don't
let Bonnie take you
out drinking
on a school night anymore.
[ Chuckles ]
It's my fault.
I insisted on that
second bottle of champagne.
[ Chuckles ]
Like I didn't already know that.
Tristan: Is what
the prosecutor said true?
You guys can't
defend me anymore?
My license is up to date,
so the case will continue
as scheduled tomorrow.
And him, he's still gonna be
the first chair or whatever?
Dude, okay, I wasn't
that bad, all right?
We'd be in much better shape
if you just told us
what you did with the money.
I spent it.
I told you.
On what? 'Cause real talk,
man, you have one drawer
at a group home and Air Jordans
from four seasons ago.
Asher.
Look, I grew up
spending money
and even I couldn't
blow through that much coin
in two months
when I was 15.
Sit down!
Over there.
He's right.
This all goes away
if you give back the money.
No more court.
No time in juvie.
The money's gone.
How many times do I have
to tell you guys that?
Asher: Our client is young,
dumb, and suffers from
teenage brain disease.
As we all know,
the adolescent brain
is more reckless
than the adult's.
Right? How they barely think
about anything other than sex...
[ Cellphone chimes ]
...and sex and sex.
Just like some
other boys we know.
How are you thinking about sex
when we just found out
Annalise's entire career
imploded?
Oliver made his bed.
I'm just sleeping in it.
-You know he can hear you.
-I don't mind.
Really.
He's single.
Sex is a healthy part of that.
Besides, I'm on Humpr, too.
Oh, give me your phone.
I'm really good
at picking out guys.
-Since when?
-No, you're not.
-I'm not sure that's true.
-Hey, bad table.
Since you guys
are all so distracted,
how about you do some work
gathering research
that speaks to the sad state
of the teenage brain?
-I have a question.
-Did I say it was time
for questions?
-It's for her, actually.
If Annalise is suspended, is it
even legal to help this kid?
Yes because I'm now
in charge of this case.
Sit down.
Sir!
Goofy-looking table,
I need you guys...
You should hack into
the Disciplinary Board e-mails,
find out
who sent the video.
He doesn't
hack anymore.
You do know you don't
speak for him anymore.
He's right, I don't.
Unless
Annalise asks me to.
Oliver, now you're just
hurting my feelings, bud.
I'm sorry.
You could make it up to me
by using your big nerd brain
to follow the money.
Okay? Do whatever
legal techno mumbo jumbo
you have to and figure out
where our shady little liar
is hiding all of his dough.
On it.
Can I help
Oliver with that?
Whatever you want.
All right, let's
get to work, people.
Think about how well
everyone's gonna sleep tonight
when we realize that we've saved
the life of a poor young man.
Where are you going?
Research library.
I remembered this brief
about presenting
mitigating factors
on juvie cases, so...
[ Door opens ]
Have you ever heard of
the town called Coalport?
Nope.
Why?
I got a missed call
from there last week.
I don't know who it was --
But you was hoping
that it was from Frank.
Look, my son can be
a real jackass with girls,
but I'd probably go AWOL
every now and then, too,
if I'd been beat up
in life like Frankie has.
You mean by Annalise?
No, I mean
by his time in jail.
It was Annalise and Sam
that saved him from that hell.
[ Card reader beeping ]
Nurse Janice: No, really.
Maybe the computer will
change its mind the next time.
Sorry, I'm just not sure how
I'm supposed to clean in there.
You're not.
That's why you don't
have clearance.
Name's Kevin.
I'm new.
Stay in your lane, Kevin.
Sir, yes, sir.
[ Card reader beeps ]
Everything's under control.
They all think I work
for the university.
Annalise: Good.
Just keep them distracted.
On it. I'll call you
if I need anything.
Bonnie.
Yeah?
If Nate asks,
tell him that
you went to dinner
with me last night.
Okay.
Thank you.
BonBon!
O-man found something.
Actually, it was my idea
that led to the finding.
Where is it?
We accessed Tristan's
bus pass account.
The accessing might not
have been totally legal.
Shh.
I got it.
Each week, he takes
the 139 out to Port Richmond.
It's the warehouse district.
There's nothing there --
Except for --
wait for it --
A storage unit
facility.
[ Snaps fingers ]
You, uh -- you into some
kinky baby play or something?
Tristan.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Yeah.
She's due in five months.
The baby's
gonna need things.
I don't want it
to grow up like me.
This actually
helps your case.
We can tell the judge you were
trying to do the right thing.
You can't tell anyone.
Because her parents don't know?
The school.
That's where she works.
I'm sorry to
drag you back in here.
We just wanted to make sure
you felt fully prepared
to take the stand.
Oh, I totally get it.
I'm happy to do
whatever I can to make sure
Tristan doesn't get lost
in the system.
Exactly.
He's suffered enough.
When did you first
meet Tristan?
Last year. He was in
my sophomore biology class.
And did the school
make you aware
of his background
before that?
Namely that he had been
physically abused
by his parents?
Yes. The district
informs us
of any difficulties at home
so that we may
better understand the child.
Did it surprise you
when you heard
that Tristan was being
accused of credit-card theft?
Yes. That's not at all
the Tristan I've come to know.
Do you think it's possible
that Tristan stole this money
to help out someone?
A girlfriend, boyfriend?
I...guess it's possible.
Was there a significant other
you ever saw him with then?
No.
Tristan's one of those kids
who always just had
his head buried in a book.
That's not all
his head was buried in.
Do not make jokes
right now.
Sorry.
So, what's next?
We go to the D.A.,
tell him that Tristan's ready
to testify against
Susie Sex Ed?
No.
Susan wants to testify tomorrow,
so let's have a little fun
and make her confess
on the stand.
Sounds a little risky,
though, no?
What's risky is giving
a child abuser
time to get a lawyer
and deny the whole thing.
She's pregnant with his kid.
I mean, there's no denying it.
And what if she claims
he was the aggressor?
You think anyone
ever believes the child
in situations like this?
Oh, my God, this is
about what your dad did?
I'm sorry to even
bring it up, but...
But you
brought it up anyway.
You stood by while your buddies
raped Tiffany Howard.
Does that mean
you can't separate
your personal feelings
from an abuse case, too?
Or is it just me
who's the mess here?
No, I -- I didn't
mean it that way.
Get your own ride home.
[ Footsteps receding ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
Nate?
Hey.
[ Chuckles ]
I heard you were
back in the uniform.
Yeah, a while ago.
Surprised I haven't
run into you.
I never leave my office.
[ Chuckles ] That's a good way
to avoid trouble.
Yeah, well, my life could use
a little trouble these days.
I know I shouldn't
bring this up,
but genius play hitting
Keating with that suspension.
What are you talking about?
Someone sent a tape of her
smacking her client
to the Disciplinary Board.
Okay, one --
I can't believe
no one in the office
told me about this.
Two --
she hit her own client?
Yeah.
Good Lord, she's even more
far gone than I thought.
Eve: You definitely want
to avoid a formal hearing.
They'll enjoy punishing you
in public too much.
Better to just make
a statement in private,
promise to go to
anger-management classes.
I'll probably hit
people there, too.
I really need to retire.
The Sam insurance money
is that good?
I spent it all.
I could sell the house.
Oh, God, yes, do that.
I've lived in here
forever.
Yeah, and look
what happened.
I'm sorry.
Okay, let's say you retire.
Sell the house,
move somewhere quiet --
I hate the quiet.
[ Scoffs ]
Then move to a city --
a real city like
New York or Chicago.
What the hell am I gonna
do in the city?
Move in with you,
become your trophy wife?
I'm down for that.
So, what'd you do
with the insurance money?
I hired a hit man
to kill Frank.
Are we really doing this?
I hope so.
[ Panting ]
Hurry.
Just do it.
Eve: How do you
even know a hit man?
He wasn't
really a hit man.
You just said he was.
Well, I-I just wanted him
to find Frank, that's all.
And what was he supposed
to do once he found him?
Well, I never got the chance
to make that decision.
You made the decision
the minute you hired him.
He killed my son.
Maybe not
with his own hands, but...
in what world do I not
make him pay for that?
Tell me.
[ Sniffles ]
Come here.
Oh, stop.
No, you stop.
[ Sniffles ]
It's okay.
I didn't say to kill him.
I know, I know.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Nate, hi.
Hey.
I didn't know
you were in town.
Yeah, I'm at this
conference for a few days.
Came over to help with
the whole suspension mess.
Right.
Did you find out anything?
Talked to Atwood.
I don't think she's behind it.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Hello?
Hey, Laurel, it's Meggy.
Sorry for the cold call.
I-I had to sneak into Wes's
phone to get your number.
Is everything okay?
Totally.
Just I'm thinking about doing
something for his birthday,
and I wanted to know
if you'd help.
Oh, um...hang on,
let me just go outside.
It's not hot.
It's rape.
So, you're saying that
me hooking up with
my camp counselor when
I was 14, that was rape?
If he was over 18, yes.
But I mean, if you ask any guy,
most would be willing
to give their left nut to sleep
with their high school teacher.
Mm-hmm.
Mrs. Alvarez.
It's not the same.
Tristan has
a history of abuse,
and Susan
took advantage of that.
It's not okay.
Thank you.
Bonnie shouldn't be
doing this, though, right?
I mean, the plan is insane.
Yeah, seriously. She's trying
to be Annalise all of a sudden?
Annalise got suspended
for bitch slapping a client.
I'm not sure any of us
should want to be her anymore.
Where were you?
The bathroom.
Is that okay with you?
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Okay, enough. We get it.
You want to hurt Oliver back.
Look, this might be
difficult for all of you
straight people
to understand,
but not all sex
is a big deal.
Well, it's always
a "big" deal with me.
You're ridiculous,
and you've got a problem.
No, I've got game.
♪ I'm a heat stroke ♪
♪ And you can't touch me ♪
♪ 'Cause you know ♪
Show me your I.D.
I'm a junior.
I told you.
There's no harm
in proving it.
You too.
You're quite bossy.
Yeah, just wait.
♪ You're breathing hard ♪
♪ But I still got
a hundred miles ♪
♪ Untouchable ♪
Satisfied?
Not yet.
That's your job.
♪ You know I bleed for this ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Ooh, what about
[Hispanic accent] sexy Bernardo?
He's kind of
out of my league.
Ah! So, that's a yes.
Mmm, Jason.
He says
he's "dom masc BB."
What does BB stand for?
Big balls?
Oh, my -- no.
Seriously.
Look, I found
who e-mailed the slap.
Ooh, who sent it?
Barry Lewiston.
Annalise: Barry Lewiston,
a board member
of this university,
was the one who e-mailed
the video of me
to get my license suspended.
Before we jump
to any conclusions,
know that this is the first
I'm hearing about any --
I don't believe you.
Then don't, but if
what you're saying is true --
I have proof
that it's true.
Fine.
But don't pretend
this comes as a surprise.
You took on
a multi-million-dollar
corporation.
Did you really think
they were gonna fight fair?
So what,
are you condoning this?
I'm saying your behavior
on this campus
has been inappropriate,
unprofessional --
At least I haven't acted
illegally, unlike your board.
Until now.
What does that mean?
How's your clinic
still running
if your license
has been suspended?
My client is
a 15-year-old foster child.
You want us to
abandon him mid-trial?
I want you to abide
by the conditions
of your employment.
Just like every other
professor on this campus.
How many
of those professors
have their faces printed
on inflammatory fliers?
And where are you in
that investigation, anyway?
Or is Barry Lewiston
behind those, too?
Annalise --
You people want
a fight, I'll fight.
Listen.
You forget that
my ability for kicking ass
is precisely
why you hired me.
Shut up, Annalise!
You come in here
yelling at me, your boss,
and you think that's gonna
get you what you want?
It won't.
So let me put
this simply for you.
There's a saying
where I come from --
whoever can't hear must feel.
So do it.
Make me feel.
Somebody already did.
And now you've lost
your license to practice.
Hurts, doesn't it?
You can't fire me
because of this.
Check your contract.
Without a license,
your tenure gets nullified.
Next time you want to meet,
make an appointment
with my assistant.
It's Frank.
Leave a message.
[ Voicemail beeps ]
Hey, I saw your dad yesterday.
He told me
you went to jail once.
But I guess I shouldn't be
surprised by that at this point.
Hey.
Hey, um...
Everything okay?
Why do I feel like
I'm being
interrogated by you
all the time?
I'm not
interrogating you.
I just want to know
what's wrong.
Nothing's wrong.
Then why are you being
so defensive?
Look, if you don't
want to tell me, that's fine,
but I just want
to be there for you.
Meggy's throwing you
a surprise party tonight.
I'm sorry, I ruined it.
Or maybe it's better.
Like, you hate your birthday
or you think
surprise parties are horrible.
No, just no one's ever thrown me
a birthday party before.
Don't worry.
I will...play along.
Are you about
to start sweating again?
Yeah, you know me.
-We ready?
-Yeah.
Hey.
Is Annalise
onboard with this?
God, you don't
know when to quit.
What you're about
to do to that kid is cruel.
What's cruel is you
doubting me when I need
to go destroy a witness,
so shut up,
sit down at that table,
and support your boss.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Kind of early for that.
Not after the week
I've been having.
You're already
back from work?
Yeah.
We should talk.
You sleeping with Eve?
[ Chuckles ]
Would it bother you
if I were?
Screw who you want, but don't
have me living up in here --
It was your choice
to move in.
'Cause you thought Frank was
gonna put a bullet in your head.
So get out.
I'd rather be alone.
-You're an alcoholic.
-Of course I am.
And that's not just
the vodka talking.
That's the me
I've always been.
And unfortunately,
you're the same you --
so patient, so accommodating.
Not used to that in a man?
That's a problem for you?
No, the problem is
you're a little bitch!
That surprise you, huh?
You want to hit me?
Go ahead, hit me.
Hit me!
You're a cancer.
Oh, that's all you got?
That's why Sam cheated.
Even Frank ran off.
You're cowards, all of you.
Who are you gonna
ruin next, Eve?
Eve's got more balls
than all of you!
Eve don't know you.
You don't know me.
You're gonna die alone
in this house.
That's what I know, and no one's
gonna give a rat's ass.
Not me, not Eve,
not even your damn mother
once she realizes
how sick you really are.
You're still standing here.
Get help.
[ Door slams ]
Judge Nichols: Your first
witness, Ms. Winterbottom.
I'd like to call my client's
biology teacher, Susan Boatman,
to the stand.
Wow, she really does
think she's Annalise.
Ms. Boatman,
do you have any idea
why Tristan would
steal these credit cards?
I don't.
Do you think his history
of abuse perhaps
had something to do with it?
I wouldn't know.
Are you sure?
I guess I don't really
understand the question.
Okay.
Maybe you can
answer this question.
Are you pregnant?
I'm sorry?
Right now sitting on that stand,
are you pregnant?
What is she doing?
Ms. Winterbottom, how is
this relevant to the case?
Relevance will become clear
once Ms. Boatman here
admits to the identity
of her unborn child's father.
Objection. Counsel's
giving her own testimony.
Is Tristan the father
of the baby, Susan?
Please stop her.
Did Tristan tell you this?
He's lying.
Is he lying?
Or are you?
Answer me.
Ms. Boatman, I should caution
you that you may plead the fifth
in order to avoid
incriminating yourself.
Incriminate myself
from what?
You raped my client,
Susan.
You knew he was
vulnerable and trustworthy,
so you targeted him.
Don't look at him.
He's suffered enough
under your care,
and now you're going
to fix that by admitting
what you did --
how you raped this boy...
Please tell her to stop.
I'm begging you.
...manipulated him
to the point that he
stole money
for your unborn child.
Tell the court
the truth, Susan!
I plead the fifth.
The prosecution's dropping
the charges against you.
They understand now
that you were
acting on behalf
of an adult.
But Susan
will go to jail?
Well, she deserves
more than jail
for what she did to you,
Tristan.
Someday, you're going to
understand --
You don't understand!
This isn't about her!
It's about the baby!
She's gonna have it in jail,
and then what?
Who's gonna take care of it?
No one.
It's gonna grow up just
like me -- with no family.
You're both
horrible people.
[ Sighs ]
Blame me.
None of this is on you.
No, I -- I don't blame you.
[ Sighs ]
I'm proud of you.
He needed to see
the person she really is.
Thank you so much
for agreeing to meet with me.
I just wanted to go on record
as soon as possible.
We understand.
As long as you know
any statement you make here
can be used as evidence at
the formal disciplinary hearing.
I do.
When you're ready.
My name is Annalise Keating,
and I've been a member
of the Pennsylvania Bar
for 18 years.
In light of the video
of me assaulting my client,
I felt that it was important
for me to open up
about a personal struggle
I've recently been facing.
I'm an alcoholic.
I'm not here to make excuses
or to ask for forgiveness.
You don't know how long I've
been wanting this to happen.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Show me.
It's no surprise that
I've had many struggles
in my personal life of late.
My husband's death,
the shooting, the fliers.
My professional reputation
has suffered.
I've begun to self-medicate
with alcohol as a result.
[ Cellphone chiming ]
Connor.
Sorry, there are a lot
of guys in this building.
Half of whom you'll probably
bang by the end of the night.
[ Door opens ]
Shh.
All: Surprise!
Oh, my God!
Man: Happy birthday!
Getting his dance on.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey!
-Wow. That was...
Thank you very much.
All: Aww.
[ Laughs ]
Annalise: I'm ashamed
and embarrassed by my behavior.
It does not reflect
the person that I am
either as a lawyer or woman.
As such, I agreed to enter
an approved treatment program
if it will allow me
to get my license reinstated.
It's perfect. Alcoholism
is a medical condition.
You're under a protected class.
You're a genius.
Oh, it was Nate's idea.
Well, then
Nate's a genius.
Yeah.
Thank you.
For what?
For not judging me.
I'd never judge you.
[ Sighs ]
You're the only one.
I can't.
I'm sorry.
I met someone.
Vanessa.
She's the one I was talking to
on the phone the other night.
We met a few months ago
during my case in California.
Things have been moving
faster than I expected.
I wasn't sure if
it was gonna be anything real,
and, you know, with everything
that's going on with you,
it just...
I'm sorry
I didn't tell you.
What were
you talking about?
On the phone,
you seemed upset.
She wants me
to move to San Francisco.
Does she love you?
Yes.
You love her?
I do.
You should go.
Annalise.
No. Oh, no.
You deserve it
more than anyone.
Go.
Let yourself be loved.
Michaela: You are not
what I was expecting.
-What does that mean?
-Meggy! [ Laughs ]
I mean,
that name is just --
You were expecting me to be
an annoying white girl.
It's cool. I've been dealing
with that my entire life.
Right? Like, what were
your parents thinking?
[ Laughs ] All right, yeah,
let's burn some of that
Henny off
on the dance floor. Okay.
Like, was she really...
You know what,
come on, you too.
Oh, no thanks.
Hey. I threw you
this stupid party.
The very least you can do
is come over here
and dance with me for one song.
-Really?
-Yes.
♪ Walking backwards inside out ♪
♪ Slipping up,
and I can't fall down ♪
♪ Looking good
as I'm stepping out ♪
Hey, um, are you
hooking up with Simon?
I don't care if you are.
I just --
No. I'm not
hooking up with anyone.
That's just you and the entire
city of Philadelphia.
Okay, I'm confused.
You're on Humpr, too.
Michaela's on my Humpr.
So, then you're not
mad at me?
It's not that simple.
Because I'm willing
to stop sleeping around
if you want
to get back together.
Is that it?
Changed your mind?
Great.
Then we can both
screw our brains out.
It's not as easy for me
to hook up as it is for you.
Oh, my God, you need
to get over this whole
low self-esteem thing.
I mean, you're --
you're hot, funny,
your penis
is practically perfect.
None of that matters
if you're positive.
You know
what you're gonna say.
There's condoms and prep
and I shouldn't
let it bother me,
but it's still
a deal breaker for most guys.
Stupid guys.
Oh, yeah?
So, if I told you I was positive
the first night we met,
you still would've
gone home with me?
[ Clicks tongue ]
Look, you hook up
as much as you want.
Just maybe don't
rub it in my face.
Yeah.
I'll stop.
I'm willing to rub
other things in your face
any time you want, though.
[ Chuckling ] Shut up.
Oh, my God.
[ Cellphone chiming ]
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
No, it's...
Sure.
♪ I'm stepping out ♪
I'm gonna need for you
to make a real food run --
chips, dip,
anything with chocolate.
[ Sighs ]
What's wrong?
My father's dead.
I thought he was still at
the federal prison in Allentown.
That's where he's been
since the trial.
[ Card reader beeping ]
Maybe the computer will change
its mind the next time.
Name's Kevin. I'm new.
Bonnie: But I guess he was
having lung problems.
-We really doing this?
-I hope so.
Hurry.
Just do it.
So, they moved him
to a low-security prison
with a hospital.
Why they care about keeping
pedophiles alive is beyond me.
[ Air hissing ]
[ Coughing ]
Who are you?
Frank.
[ Coughing ]
It's nice to finally
meet you, Bob.
There's no need for that.
Just relax.
Take deep breaths.
Bonnie: He listed me as
his next of kin,
so the nurse called me
and asked me if I wanted
to pick up my father's body.
Where's the prison?
Coalport.
It's a few hours
from Pittsburgh.
[ Gasps ]
Hydrogen sulfide.
It's gonna melt your lungs
from inside out,
and it's gonna
hurt real bad.
Like the worst pain
of your life.
And still it won't make up
for what you did to her.
Enjoy hell, Bob.
[ Door opens ]
I'm so sorry.
For what?
I lied.
My father found Frank.
He's in Coalport, Bonnie.
I know I should've told you,
but Frank called me
when I was in Florida,
and he said Annalise
was trying to kill him,
and I know he could be lying,
but I didn't know whether
I should believe him.
[ Shudders ]
He killed your father,
didn't he?
Don't tell Annalise.
[ Sighs ]
♪ I've made mistakes ♪
Oliver: Please, I work
in the law office
where they were found.
Male Nurse: Then you know
it's against the law
for me to tell you anything.
They could be one
of my friends, or worse.
Oliver!
Thank God you're here.
The nurse won't
tell me anything,
but maybe
if you talked to...
♪ I've made mistakes ♪
Meggy. Meggy!
Hey, Meggy!
♪ But I'm not hunted ♪
Dr. Lowell:
Call down to plastics,
see where the attending is,
and get me the results
of the post-intubation
blood gases.
-Dr. Lowell?
-E.T. tube looks good.
-Dr. Lowell!
-What?
I'm a med student. I was sent
to get the lab results.
-Get to the point.
-She's pregnant.
[ Monitor beeping ]
Oh, my God.
I know her.